This is a little test app for the Stormpath (www.stormpath.com) authentication and authorization service. The main goals were to evaluate

* multitenancy
* fine grained permissions
* oauth tokens

The app is based on flask and the Flask-Stormpath package. It allows you to log in, display a few details about the user and allows to issue and renew an oauth token.

# Stormpath Configuration

To demonstrate a number of things should be set up in Stormpath

* Get your API key from the profile
* Create an application and enable oauth under policies
  * make the access token ttl 10 seconds
  * and the refresh token ttl 7 days
* Create 2 directories, one for your company (myCompanyDir) and one for a customer org (ourCustomerDir). Both directories should be of the cloud type.
* Create two organization, one for each organiation: myCompany and ourCustomer
* Associate the myCompanyDir with the myCompany organization under Account Stores
* Associate the myCompanyDir and the ourCustomerDir with the ourCustomer org. myCompanyDir should have priorty 0 and ourCustomerDir priorty 1
* Add an attribute "publicKey" to the custom data of each organiation, i.e. ```{ "publicKey": "pk-myCompany"}```
* Create a few test users in each directory
* Add individual permissions for some of the users in the custom data section:

   ```
   {
      "permissions": [
        "personal-p1",
        "personal-p2"
      ]
    }
    ```

* Create a few groups in each directory, associate the users with the groups and also add permissions in the groups custom data, like before


# Running the App

* Install redis on your machine
* ```pip install -r freeze.txt```
* Make copy of config.ini.sample and name it config.ini. Enter your API key there
* Run the app with ```PYTHONPATH=. python -m app```
* You should get the login page under http://localhost:5000/

# Things to Try

User profile:

* Login with one user from your company (myCompanyDir)
* You should see that the user has access to both organizations (myCompany and ourCustomer) in the 'Current Organization' drop down at the top of the page.
* Depending on which organiations selected in the drop down a different public key should be displayed
* Verify some of the users attrbiutes
* Verify that the user has the aggreagate permissions from all the groups he is a member of and his individual permissions
* Login with a user from ourCustomer. The user should only have access to the customer organization

Token:

* Click on the Token Test link
* The token expiration should be 10 seconds from now (see token ttl above)
* Refresh the page several times within the 10 seconds. The expiration should not change. 
* After a 10 seconds a new token with a different expiration time should be issued
* Go in the stormpath API and delete the refresh token. When refreshing the token page, the user will be logged out.

Other:
* Try the "Forgot Password?" link on the login page
